but this will be listed in the navy I had already done four years active
duty in the marine corps rising to the level of staff sergeant in
the marine corps it was a staff sergeant the marine corps reserves
for two years in a non pay status which meant I was intending drills
but I wasn't getting paid for it and I didn't do my two week active
duty and then during that time I was also working as a cryptologist
and they just never pay bellacor cryptologist doing do you like that
as soon as that time was up I listed in the navy and my position was
cryptologic technician CT interpretive I branch and then I was a
first class petty officer which is exactly the same pay grade E. six
as staff sergeant is in the marine corps so that was my first position
in the navy you would call that was my rate CT I want